GAMES UNİTED YAZILIM EĞİTİM SANAYİ TİCARET A.Ş
TERMS OF USE
Effective Date: [22.12.2021]

1. INTRODUCTION

1.1. These Terms of Use (“Terms of Service” or “Terms”) govern the relationship between you and
Games United Yazılım Eğitim Sanayi Ticaret A.Ş (together with its parents, subsidiaries, joint ventures
and other corporate entities under common ownership and/or any of their agents, consultants,
employees, representatives, affiliates, officers, and directors, “Games United” or “we” or “us”)
regarding your access to and use of Games United’s games, mobile applications, websites, content,
products, and any services related to games that are made available by Games United on the Apple App
Store, Google Play App Store, Amazon App Store or on Facebook (collectively the “Services”).
1.2. When you use or access our Services in any capacity, you represent that you are at least 13
years old (or at least 16, if you reside in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”)) and that you
understand and agree to these Terms. If you are under the age of 18 and at least 13 years old (or at least
16, if you reside in the EEA), you agree that you have gotten permission from a parent or guardian to
use our Services. No one under the age of 13 (or under 16, if you reside in the EEA), in which case
must not create an Account, use any of our Services, or submit personal information in the Services or
to Games United. If you access our Services through a third-party platform or site, you may be required
to comply with their policies in addition to these Terms.
1.3. Our collection and use of personal data in connection with Services is described in our Privacy
Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these Terms.
1.4. We may amend these Terms by posting the amended versions on our website or in the
supplemental terms of the applicable Service(s). By continuing to access or use our Services after we
post amended versions, you confirm your agreement to the Terms, as amended. If you do not agree with
any of the changes, you must immediately stop accessing our Services and your license to use our
Services will immediately terminate. Games United may make changes to the Services at any time or
discontinue your access to the Services at any time without warning and without a refund of any kind.
You understand and hereby agree that Games United may discontinue or restrict your use of the Services
for any reason and without notice or compensation.
1.5. This is a legally binding agreement, and you should read it carefully. By installing, using, or
otherwise accessing our Services, you confirm your agreement to be bound by these Terms. If you do
not agree with any of these terms, you may not install, use, or otherwise access our Services.
1.6. Please note that the section below titled “GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE
RESOLUTION” contains a binding arbitration agreement and class action waiver. they affect your legal
rights. Please read them.
1.7. You may only use this Services and any materials found in this Services (including, but not
limited to, any images, logos, designs, insignia, marks, pictures, sounds, text, messages, tools, software,
technology, products, files, information, data, demos, promotional materials, audio-visual and
multimedia works and any other items or expressions) (collectively, "Materials") in accordance with
this Terms and you agree to comply with these Terms at all times.

2. LIMITED LICENSE

2.1. Subject to your agreement and your continued compliance with these Terms and all relevant
Games United policies, Games United grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable,
revocable limited license (subject to the limitations below) to access and use the Services for your own
personal (i.e. non-commercial) use only. Such license is subject to these Terms and does not include:
(i) any commercial use of Services or the Materials therein;
(ii) the distribution, public performance, public display, making publicly available, or other
unauthorized exploitation of any Materials;
(iii) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of Services or the Materials, or any portion
thereof;
(iv) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of Services, the Materials or any
information contained therein, except as expressly permitted on the Games United webiste; or
(v) any Services or the Materials other than for their intended purposes.
2.2. Any Services or the Materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior
written permission of Games United, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein.
Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including without limitation copyright and
trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein,
nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights,
whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. Games United may revoke this license at any time.
2.3. Restrictions
2.3.1. You specifically agree to the following license restrictions in connection with Services:
(i) If you have been previously banned from accessing our Services, you are prohibited from reaccessing Services.
(ii) You are prohibited from using our Services for commercial purposes.
(iii) You are prohibited from using our Services to advertise, solicit, or transmit any commercial
advertisements, which include but are not limited to chain letters, junk, spam, or repetitive
messaging (both targeted and un-targeted).
(iv) You are prohibited from creating an Account on someone else’s behalf.
(v) You are prohibited from creating an Account using inaccurate or false information.
(vi) You are prohibited from renting, selling, gifting, or giving away your Account or Accountrelated information.
(vii) You are prohibited from selling or transferring prizes or rewards obtained in connection with
Services to any other person or entity.
(viii)You are prohibited from removing, obscuring or altering any notice of copyright or other
proprietary notices present on or in any Materials.
2.3.2. You further agree that under no circumstance will you:
(i) Engage in acts that are inappropriate and/or in conflict with the spirit or intent of Services or
these Terms.
(ii) Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, circumvent, modify, disrupt, overburden, or otherwise
impair any aspect of our Services (including Accounts of others) or related technology, devices,
systems or networks.
(iii) Engage in unlawful, abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, harassing, hateful,
violent, racist, or otherwise objectionable or offensive acts, whether by posting and/or
transmitting such information through our Services, or by any other means (e.g., by posting
links to such content).
(iv) Engage in acts or attempts to abuse, threaten, harm, harass, or advocate or incite harassment
and/or violence towards another person, group, our employee(s) or our Services, or engage in
any acts in violation of other publicly posted Games United policies (e.g. forum rules).
(v) Use our Services to post, supply or make available any material or information that infringes
on any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, or any
other right of a person or entity.
(vi) Use our Services to post, display, or transmit any other person or entity’s private information,
including personally identifiable and/or financial information.
(vii) Copy or reproduce (except as expressly permitted), translate, reverse engineer, derive source
code from, modify, disassemble, decompile, or create derivative works based on or related to
Services.
(viii) Scrape, harvest, or extract data from Services.
(ix) Seek to obtain advantage or information from our Services using methods not expressly
permitted by Games United.
(x) Engage in solicitation or attempted solicitation of personal information from other users of our
Services.
(xi) Institute, engage in, assist with, or become involved in any form of attacks upon our Services,
including but not limited to denial-of-service attacks, creation or distribution of viruses or
malware, or attempts to disrupt our Services or others’ enjoyment of our Services.
(xii) Create, use, offer, promote, advertise, make available, and/or distribute exploits, cheats, bots,
software, hacks, mods or any unauthorized third-party code or software that can be used to
interfere with, alter or modify our Services, or that can be used in conjunction with our Services.
(xiii) Impersonate another person, including without limitation any other user or any Games United
employee.
(xiv) Use our Services to violate any applicable law or regulation and order of any governmental
authority in your use of this Services and the Materials
(xv) Use our Services for any activities other than what are reasonably considered the common and
usual activities associated with Services for general entertainment
(xvi) Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any
technological measure implemented by Games United or any of Games United’s providers or
any other Third Party (including another user) to protect the Services
(xvii) Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail,
spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation
(xviii) Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or
newsgroup posting or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false sourceidentifying information
2.4. Access or Use of Services Associated with Your Account
2.4.1. When you access or use Services, you create an account with us (“Account”). In some cases,
you may be asked to create a username and password (collectively known as “Login Information”). In
the following cases not caused by Games United;
You are responsible for all use of Services and activity related to your Account, including all
transactions and payments associated with that Account (which may include but are not limited to the
use of your credit card and other payment systems). Thus, Games United strongly encourages you to
keep your password safe and never to give your Account information to anyone else. You agree to
maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in your Account, and our Privacy Policy
describes how you can keep your personal information up-to-date. It is your sole responsibility to
maintain the confidentiality of your Login Information.
2.4.2. You agree not to engage in any acts that may compromise the integrity, fair play and/or security
of your Account, including but not limited to sharing Login Information or permitting unauthorized
access, loss, or theft. If you learn or suspect that your Account has been compromised, please contact
us immediately. We also urge you to modify your Login Information to prevent further damage. We
will not be responsible to you for any losses or harm you may suffer as a result of an unauthorized
person accessing your Account and/or using your Login Information in connection with our Services.
2.4.3. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of our Services and any other
parties with whom you interact through Services. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to
become involved with any disputes related to those interactions. You agree to fully cooperate with us
to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity, including, without limitation, by
granting us access to any password-protected portions of your Account as may be required. If you have
a dispute with any other user(s), you release us from claims, demands and damages (actual and
consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or related to such disputes.
2.4.4. We reserve the right to reclaim and/or remove any usernames at our discretion at any time, for
any reason. You may have only one Account per game on a properly supported device.
2.5 Suspension and Termination of Account and Services
2.5.1. Without limiting any other remedies, we may suspend, terminate, delete, limit, or modify
Accounts or access to Services or any portions thereof, hold, delay, or remove hosted content, take legal
and technical steps to prevent access to Services, or take other action consistent with these Terms, with
or without notice to you, if we suspect or determine, in our sole discretion, that you have failed to
comply with any of these Terms or have otherwise engaged in illegal activity or improper use of our
Services. This may result in the loss or termination of your Account, information, persona, rankings,
benefits, Virtual Items defined in Section 5 below, in-game purchases, or other losses. We are not and
will not be held responsible for loss of any Account, information, persona, rankings, benefits, Virtual
Items, in-game purchases, or other losses incurred, and are under no obligation to compensate you
therefor.
2.5.2. We reserve the right to stop offering and/or supporting our Services or any portion thereof,
including but not limited to any particular game, at any time for any reason. If this does occur, your
license to access or use the applicable Services will automatically terminate and you may lose access to
any content that you may have submitted or were in the process of submitting. We reserve the right to
terminate any Account that has been inactive for 180 days or more. We are not required to notify you
in advance of these actions, or to provide you any refunds, compensation, or any material or nonmaterial benefit for discontinued or terminated Services or losses resulting therefrom.
2.5.3. You may choose to close your Account for any reason and at any time. If you choose to exercise
this right, please inform Games United that you wish to close your Account by
2.5.4. emailing privacy@gamesunited.co and requesting that your Account be closed. You understand
that if you close your Account, you may no longer have access to information previously associated
with your Account (including, without limitation, your game progress and any Virtual Items associated
with your Account).

3. OWNERSHIP

3.1. The Services and all rights, title and interest therein are and shall remain the property of Games
United or its licensors. This may include without limitation all games, mobile applications, software
(including server software), websites, titles, characters, character names or profiles, stories, dialogue,
animations, art, concepts, content, audio sounds and effects, musical compositions, visual effects,
methods of operation, documentation, moral rights, in-game chat transcripts, all recordings of games
and game play, and Virtual Items appearing and/or originating in our Services, whether provided, earned
or purchased. Neither these Terms nor your use of Services convey or grant to you any rights:
(i) in or related to Services, except for the limited license granted above; or
(ii) to use or reference Games United or its licensors’ company name(s), logos, product and service
names, or marks.
3.2. You acknowledge and agree that you will have no ownership or other property interest in any
Account created in connection with Services. You further acknowledge and agree that all interest in and
rights to any such Account are and will be owned in perpetuity by and solely for the benefit of Games
United.

4. USER CONTENT

4.1. While Games United welcomes your comments and feedback regarding its Services, Games
United does not accept or consider any materials for use in any of its Services which have not been
specifically requested by Games United. In the event that you submit, upload, publish, transmit, or
otherwise make available to us materials, data, information, communications, pictures, sounds or any
other legal content using Services (“User Content”), you understand and agree to the following terms:
(i) You hereby grant to Games United a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, fully paid
up, non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and license to exploit the User Content and all elements
thereof, in any and all media, formats and forms, known now or hereafter devised. Games United
shall have the unlimited right to copy, reproduce, fix, modify, adapt, translate, reformat, prepare
derivatives, add to and delete from, rearrange and transpose, manufacture, commercialize, publish,
distribute, sell, license, sublicense, transfer, rent, lease, transmit, publicly display, make publicly
available, publicly perform, provide access to, broadcast, use and practice the User Content as well
as all modified and derivative works thereof and any and all elements contained therein, and use or
incorporate a portion or portions of the User Content or the elements thereof in conjunction with or
into any other material, without notice to or consent from you, and without compensation to you or
any other person or entity.
(ii) In the event you upload or otherwise transmit to Games United any concepts, ideas, or feedback
relating to Games United’s Services, you shall not be entitled to any compensation for any such
submission, unless expressly agreed between you and Games United, and Games United may freely
use any such submission in any manner it deems appropriate. You further hereby grant to Games
United the unconditional, irrevocable right to use and exploit your name, likeness and any other
information or material submitted or transmitted to Games United in connection with any User
Content, without any obligation to you. Any such submission by you shall not create any contractual
relationship between you and Games United. Except to the extent that any such waiver is prohibited
by law, you hereby waive the benefit of any provision of law known as "moral rights" or "droit
moral" or any similar law in any country of the world, regardless of whether User Content is altered
or changed in any manner.
(iii) As a user, you are personally and solely responsible for all information posted and/or sent,
transmitted, or provided to others by you in connection with our Services, including but not limited
to User Content posted in forums, blogs, and player chat features. You represent, warrant, and affirm
that your User Content is accurate, that it does not violate any applicable laws or rights especially
the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of any third party,
that you have the appropriate permissions or rights from any third parties whose information or
intellectual property is comprised in the User Content, and that such User Content is free of malware,
viruses, adware, spyware or any malicious code. You agree not to submit and/or transmit any User
Content that is unlawful, tortious, defamatory, libelous, obscene, invasive of the privacy of another
person, threatening, harassing, abusive, violent, hateful, racist, or otherwise objectionable or
inappropriate. We do not assume any liability or responsibility for any user behavior or for
monitoring User Content or conduct in connection with Services. We may, but are not obligated to,
review, monitor, reject, deny, or remove User Content, at our sole discretion and at any time and for
any reason, without notice to you.
(iv) Though it is not obligated to, Games United reserves the right in its sole discretion to monitor,
prohibit, review, edit, delete and/or disable access to or make unavailable any User Content without
notice for any reason or for no reason at any time for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure
compliance with these Terms and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. By
accepting the Terms of Services, you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring
and recording. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the
transmission of any User Content, including, without limitation, chat text or voice communications.
(v) Games United provides fun pages, forums, blogs and chat features in the Services, in which
users can post information. Users may post topics of interest, general information, comments and
sometimes even personal information in these mediums. You understand that Games United is not
responsible for any information posted in the Services or whether others will view your information,
comments and topics in the same light. Please do not submit, upload, write or transmit any
information in the Services you deem to be confidential. Games United does not and will not bear
any responsibility or liability of the use of any such information. Furthermore, no compensation will
be provided for any ideas, schemes or uses of any information provided in these medium.
(vi) You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Services and any other
parties with whom you interact through the Services or the games. Games United reserves the right,
but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes. You will fully cooperate
with Games United to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity, including,
without limitation, granting Games United access to any password-protected portions of your
Account.
(vii) If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and Games United’s officers,
directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages
(actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any
way connected with such disputes.
4.2. Please do not use these mediums to share or post information you wish to remain confidential.
However, User Content may be processed by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please contact
us if you have questions regarding your User Content or Account by emailing us at
privacy@gamesunited.co.

5. FEES AND PURCHASE TERMS

5.1. Any time you purchase virtual currency (including but not limited to virtual cash and other ingame premium currency), virtual in-game items, and any other premium goods or services in connection
with our Services (collectively, “Virtual Items”) with real currency (i.e., real world money), Games
United grants you a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use such
Virtual Items. All purchases and redemptions of such Virtual Items through our Services are final and
non-refundable, unless otherwise determined by us. Games United may manage, regulate, control,
modify or eliminate Virtual Items at any time, with or without notice to you. Games United will have
no liability to you or any third party in the event that
Games United exercises any such rights.
5.2. Virtual Items have no real-world value. Other than as expressly authorized in our Services, you
may not sell, redeem or otherwise transfer Virtual Items to any person or entity, including but not limited
to Games United, another user or any third party.
5.3. You understand that use of Services may result in charges to you, and you agree to pay all fees
and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using your Account. Payments will be enabled using
the payment method tied to your Account. We may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered
through our Services at any time. We may also from time to time provide certain users with offers and
discounts that may result in different amounts charged for the same or similar services or goods obtained
through the use of Services, and you agree that such offers and discounts, unless also made available to
you, shall have no bearing on your use of Services or payments charged to your Account. You
acknowledge and agree that we are under no obligation to provide you with a refund for any items
(including Virtual Items) that are in your Account, for any reason, including but not limited to
termination of your Account or when closing your Account, whether such actions are voluntary or
involuntary.

6. UPDATES TO OUR SERVICE

6.1. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Games United relating to the
subject matter hereof. Games United may, from time to time, change, modify or update these Terms,
and the revised Terms will apply prospectively. While Games United will make all reasonable efforts
to inform you of any such updates, you acknowledge and agree that Games United may update Services,
with or without informing or otherwise notifying you. For easier reference, Games United will mention
that as “Last Revised” date above.

7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

7.1. Without limiting Games United’s liability under Section 8 below, Services are provided on an
“as is” and “as available” basis for your use, with no warranties of any kind, express or implied,
including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title,
non-infringement, and those arising from course of dealing or usage of trade, and all use is at your own
risk. Games United does not warrant that you will be able to access or use our Service at the times or
locations of your choosing; that our Services will be of a certain quality or suitability or will be
uninterrupted or error-free; that defects will be corrected; or that our Services are free of viruses or other
harmful components.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY

8.1. Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Games United shall not be liable to you for any indirect,
incidental, consequential, special, punitive or other similar damages, including, but not limited to, loss
of revenues, lost profits, lost data or business interruption or other intangible losses (however such
losses are qualified), arising out of or relating in any way to these terms of services or the services itself,
whether based on contract, tort or any other legal theory, and whether or not Games United has been
advised of the possibility of such damages.
Games United shall not be liable to you for more than the amount you have paid to Games United in
accordance with these terms of services in the six (6) months immediately preceding the date on which
you first assert a claim. You acknowledge and agree that if you have not paid anything to Games United
during such time period, your sole remedy (and Games United’ exclusive liability) for any dispute with
Games United is to stop using the services and cancel your account.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of
liability for certain types of damages. Accordingly, some of these disclaimers and limitations may not
apply to you. To the extent that Games United may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any
warranty or limit its liability as set forth herein, the scope of such warranty and the extent of Games
United’ liability shall be the minimum permitted under such applicable law. In particular, nothing in
these Terms of Services shall affect the statutory rights of any consumer or exclude or restrict any
liability for death or personal injury arising from any negligence or fraud of Games United.
8.2. Indemnification
You agree to defend and indemnify Games United, its companies, officers, directors, contractors,
employees, agents, third-party suppliers, licensors, partners and affiliates against and from any thirdparty claims, liabilities, losses, injuries, damages, costs or including legal fees and expenses incurred
by Games United arising out of or relating to:
(i) your use or misuse of our Services or goods or services obtained in connection therewith;
(ii) any breach or violation of these Terms;
(iii) our use of your User Content; or
(iv) any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by you herein.
8.3. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter
for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such matter upon becoming aware of it.
You agree that the provisions in this paragraph will survive any termination of your Account(s) or of
our Services.
9. GOVERNING LAW and DISPUTE RESOLUTION
9.1. If a dispute arises between you and us, we prefer amicable resolution to protracted legal battles.
To that end, we have created an informal dispute resolution program we believe can resolve most
matters. Before initiating any court proceeding, you must first exhaust the step below to resolution:
ESCALATION: If you’ve followed the above steps, but you feel that the issue remains unresolved after
our agents have stated that a matter is closed, please email us at support@gamesunited.co and specify
the issue you believe is unresolved. Our player care leads will work with you further to resolve your
issue. In some cases, we may address the issue remotely. In others, we may ask to speak with you
directly and will arrange a mutual time to discuss your matter. If you provide us with your phone number
for this purpose, it will not be used for other purposes.
9.2. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Switzerland
without reference to its choice of law rules.
9.3. You agree that you can only bring claims against Games United on an individual basis. You
cannot bring a claim as a plaintiff or class member in a class, collective, consolidated, or representative
action. The provisions of the U.N. Conventions on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and
any other applicable arbitration rules shall not apply to any matters related to these Terms applications.
10. GENERAL PROVISIONS
10.1. Severability
You and Games United agree that if any portion of these Terms is found unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, in whole or in part, that provision will be ineffective only to the extent of such
finding and as to such jurisdiction, without affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other
manner or jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions of these Terms, which will be
enforced to the fullest extent of the law. No amendment or severing of any provision of these Terms
shall affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining provisions.
10.2. Assignment
Games United may assign or delegate these Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any
time with or without your approval.
10.3. Force Majeur
We will not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside of our reasonable
control, including without limitation any failure to perform hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances
or causes such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fires,
floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.
10.4. Claims of Copyright Infringement
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners
who believe their rights under US copyright law have been infringed. If you believe in good faith that
materials hosted by us infringe your copyright (for example, materials posted by a user on one of our
forums), you or your agent can send us a notice requesting that the material be removed or access to it
blocked.
If you believe your copyright-protected work has been posted on Services in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement (please consult an attorney to better understand your rights and obligations
under Section 512(c) of the Copyright Act and other laws), please contact our DMCA Agent with a
notice containing the following information:
● Reasonably sufficient details to enable us to identify the work claimed to be infringed (e.g., title,
author, any registration or tracking number, URL) or, in the case of multiple works, a representative
list of such works;
● Reasonably sufficient details to enable us to identify and locate the material claimed to be infringing
(e.g., a link to the page that contains the material);
● Your name, address, telephone number, and, if available, email address;
● A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material identified above is not
authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
● A written statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and
that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is alleged to be
infringed; and
● Your physical or electronic signature.
If you believe material that you have posted to Services has been improperly taken down, you may file
a written counter-notice with our DMCA Agent. Please include the following details:
● Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the
location at which it appeared before it was removed or disabled;
● A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was
removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification;
● Your name, address, telephone number, and, if available, email address;
● A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district
in which your address is located or, if your address is outside the US, for any judicial district in
which Games United may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person
who submitted a notice in compliance with Section (c)(1)(C) of the DMCA, as described above;
and
● Your physical or electronic signature.
DMCA notices must meet current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA.
Please send DMCA notices to our DMCA Agent at the following address: DMCA Agent, Games United
Yazılım Eğitim Sanayi Ticaret A.Ş, ARNAVUTKÖY MAH.BEBEK ARNAVUTKÖY CAD. İNCİ
YALI NO: 28 İÇ KAPI:2 BEŞİKTAŞ or by email (subject line “DMCA Communication”)
support@gamesunited.co
Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially
misrepresents that material or activity is infringing, or that material or activity was removed or disabled
by mistake, may be subject to liability. Please also be advised that we enforce a policy of terminating
the Accounts of repeat infringers (i.e., users who have made two or more postings for which we receive
a notice of infringement).
Games United’s DMCA Agent should be contacted only for the purposes set forth in this Section.
NON-DMCA INQUIRIES DIRECTED TO GAMES UNITED’S DMCA AGENT WILL NOT BE
ANSWERED. MISUSE OF THE DMCA CAN SUBJECT YOU TO LIABILITY.
10.5. Entire Agreement
These Terms, including any additional policies and documents referenced in this agreement, are the
entire agreement between you and Games United. They supersede all prior understandings between you
and Games United, regardless of the medium (oral, written electronic) and practice (custom, policy,
course of business, precedent) by which such understandings were communicated.
10.6. No Waiver
Any failure of Games United to enforce any right or provision in these Terms shall not constitute a
waiver or relinquishment of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
The express waiver by Games United of any provision, condition, or requirement of these Terms will
not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition or requirement.
Except as expressly and specifically set forth in these Terms, no representations, statements, consents,
waivers, or other acts or omissions by Games United will be deemed a modification of these Terms or
legally binding, unless documented in physical writing, hand signed by both you and a duly appointed
officer of Games United.
10.7. Notices
We may give notice to you via: (i) postings on Services; (ii) email, telephone, or text message to any
email address or phone number connected with your Account; (iii) written communication sent by mail
to any address connected with your Account. All notices given by you or required from you under these
Terms must be in writing and addressed to: Games United Yazılım Eğitim Sanayi Ticaret AŞ.
ARNAVUTKÖY MAH.BEBEK ARNAVUTKÖY CAD. İNCİ YALI NO: 28 İÇ KAPI:2 BEŞİKTAŞ.
Any notices that you provide without compliance with this subsection will have no legal effects.